README.md, before:

# frontend-code-challenge


## The Challenge  
  
You are to build a table that lists characters from the Star Wars franchise. The table should include the following information:  
  
- name  
- birth year  
- gender  
- home world  
- species  
  
The table should be sorted by name, searchable by name, and paginated with 10 per page. Lastly, a user should be able to "favorite" any number of characters, and their favorite characters should be listed on the page as well. These "favorites" should persist between browser sessions, limited to the browser (not user) that the favorite was favorited on.  
  
The data (not favorites) should be fetched using GraphQL. A GraphQL API for Star Wars characters already exists and is in the references section below.  
  
## Resources  
  
- [https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql](https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql) (This is what you will use to fetch the star wars character data)  
  
## Required and Allowed Technology  
  
### Required  
  
- React  
- Apollo Client  
- [SWAPI GraphQL Wrapper](https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql)  
- Css should be done using [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)  

### Optional

- Implement a catchy design that is well thought out and looks good.
  
### Allowed  
  
- Any component library you choose (material-ui, bootstrap)  
  
## Unit Tests  
  
We want to see unit tests for at least 2 of your components. Using react-testing-library is a positive.  
  
## Upon Completion  
  
When you are finished or out of time, please email your github repository to Mohammad Farooqi (mohammad@pumpjackdataworks.com) with the subject Pumpjack Code Challenge. Include any special instructions on how to run the application or any notes that you would like us to know.

Commit message:

updated read me and added assets

README.md, after:

# frontend-code-challenge


## The Challenge  
  
You are to build a table that lists characters from the Star Wars franchise. The table should include the following information:  
  
- name  
- birth year  
- gender  
- home world  
- species  
  
The table should be sorted by name, searchable by name, and paginated (server-side) with 10 per page. Lastly, a user should be able to "favorite" any number of characters, and their favorite characters should be listed on the page as well. These "favorites" should persist between browser sessions, limited to the browser (not user) that the favorite was favorited on.  
  
The data (not favorites) should be fetched using GraphQL. A GraphQL API for Star Wars characters already exists and is in the references section below.  
  
## Resources  
  
- [https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql](https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql) (This is what you will use to fetch the star wars character data)
- The assets such as fonts and glyphs are under the `assets` folder in this repo
- [https://share.goabstract.com/2a7dbb2c-6f0d-43f2-a2ba-df6602283029?mode=design](https://share.goabstract.com/2a7dbb2c-6f0d-43f2-a2ba-df6602283029?mode=design) You should have already received an Abstract invite to your email with the designs for this task 
  
## Required and Allowed Technology  
  
### Required  
  
- React  
- Apollo Client  
- [SWAPI GraphQL Wrapper](https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql)  
- Css should be done using [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)  

### Optional

- Implement any enhancements/features as you see fit
  
### Allowed  
  
- Any component library you choose (material-ui, bootstrap, etc.)  
  
## Unit Tests  
  
We want to see unit tests for at least 2 of your components. Using react-testing-library is a positive.  
  
## Upon Completion  
  
When you are finished or out of time, please email your github repository to Mohammad Farooqi (mohammad@pumpjackdataworks.com) with the subject Pumpjack Code Challenge. Include any special instructions on how to run the application or any notes that you would like us to know.
